excise	remove by cutting	No Description
seep	pass gradually or leak or as if through small openings	No Description
tepid	feeling or showing little interest or enthusiasm	moderately warm
vain	characteristic of false pride	useless
conspire	act in agreement and in secret towards a deceitful purpose	to secretly plan with other people to do something illegal or harmful
merit	be worthy or deserving	No Description
embrace	squeeze tightly in your arms, usually with fondness	1. to put your arm around someone 2. to accept an idea, especially when it is done with enthusiasm 3. embrace something means to include something
prose	ordinary writing as distinguished from verse	any writing that is not a poem
penchant	a strong liking	No Description
court	an assembly to conduct judicial business	1. court somebody to try to please somebody in order to get something you want, especially the support of a person, an organization, etc. 2. court something (formal) to try to obtain something 3. court something (formal) to do something that might result in something unpleasant happening 4. court something (formal) to do something that might result in something unpleasant happening 5. be courting [intransitive] (old-fashioned) (of a man and a woman) to have a romantic relationship before getting
susceptible	easily impressed emotionally	very likely to be influenced
rampant	unrestrained and violent	No Description
speculative	not based on fact or investigation	based on guessing or on opinions that have been formed without complete knowledge
vertebrate	animals having a bony or cartilaginous skeleton	No Description
recondite	difficult to penetrate	obscured
adverse	contrary to your interests or welfare	No Description
counterproductive	tending to hinder the achievement of a goal	No Description
morbid	suggesting the horror of death and decay	1. having or expressing a strong interest in sad or unpleasant things, especially disease or death 2. connected with disease
scorn	lack of respect accompanied by a feeling of intense dislike	No Description
clangorous	having a loud resonant metallic sound	No Description
ethos	the distinctive spirit of a culture or an era	No Description
cope	come to terms with	No Description
defy	resist or confront with resistance	No Description
tacit	implied by or inferred from actions or statements	No Description
dissemble	hide under a false appearance	to hide your real feelings or intentions, often by pretending to have different ones
ethics	motivation based on ideas of right and wrong	No Description
exact	claim as due or just	1. to demand and get something from somebody 2. to make something bad happen to somebody
implicit	implied though not directly expressed	No Description
trifling	not worth considering	No Description
biodiversity	the diversity of plant and animal life in a habitat	No Description
seldom	not often	No Description
hortatory	giving strong encouragement	No Description
explicit	precisely and clearly expressed or readily observable	No Description
gratifying	pleasing to the mind or feeling	No Description
transgression	the violation of a law or a duty or moral principle	No Description
impediment	something immaterial that interferes with action or progress	No Description
venture	an undertaking with an uncertain outcome	No Description
